Project Overview 
----------------------------

I am currently working on Project named Anthem which is an insurance company in US, Currently I am working as an functional and automation tester in my team ,
Customer Service Portal 
CRUD operations for Customer 




We have a scrum team where there are 4 tester and all of them work in both manual and automation testing. We are following agile methodology where we have sprints for 2 weeks . we do the manual testing in sprint n and for the same user stories we do an automation testing in sprint n+1 .

My day to day task is to write test cases for all the user stories assigned to be completed in the sprint and also to complete automation testing for those. 

Project Framework Explaination
-------------------------------------
We are using maven as a build tool for our automation framework .
Majorly we have two folders as src/main and src/test
We are following page object model for our framework .
Our framework is based on BDD Cucumber . 

We have written all the feature files corresponding to which we have step definitions and also we have a runner file which controls the entire execution 

We also have a utilities package which contains all re usable classes .
We have capability in our framework to fetch data from property files as well as from excel sheet .

We also have a constant class which contains all the hard coded paths so that our framework is optimized . 

Since we are following Page Object Model , we have page classes for all the web page in the application , all the locators and methods related to webpage are being added in the page class .

We are generating cucumber as well as spark extent report for our framework 

Flow 
-------------
Feature files ----> step def----> page classes(all locators and methods are written) and common functions

test runner ----> reports are getting generated 


Inheritance 
----------------------
In our framework we have page classes which inherits the base class as base class contains all the re usable methods so in this way inheritance in achieved 


Polymorphism 
--------------------------------
In our framework we have a capability to run the same test script in diff browser
So polymorphism is achieved in that way 
We also have used explicit wait in our framework where in the same method we can pass diff diff arguments for time 
So polymorphism is achieved in that way 

Abstraction 
-------------------------------------------
We have used webdriver, takesscreenshot, javascript executor all of them are interface which indirectly implements abstraction 

Encapsulation 
----------------------------------

We have created page classes where locators and methods are defined together 
which in directly is implementing Encapsulation 













